#summary ROS API Documentation of the hector_mapping package

# Hector Mapping

= Introduction =

= Parameters =

~pub_drawings  (bool, default: false)
Publish debug output via a Marker Array message (used scan endpoints, scan matching iterations pose estimates, match covariance approximation)

~pub_debug_output (bool, default: false)
Publishes debug output to topic "hector_debug_info".

~pub_map_odom_transform (bool, default: true)
Publish map -> odom transform as done by the gmapping package.

~pub_odometry (bool, default: false)
Publish odometry data for visualization


~map_resolution (int, default: 0.05)
Map resolution (grid cell edge length in meters)

~map_size (int, default: 1024)
Map size in grid cells (Map is square)

~map_start_x (double, default: 0.5)
Location of of map origin on x axis of grid map (0.5 is directly in middle)

~map_start_y (double, default: 0.5)
Location of of map origin on y axis of grid map (0.5 is directly in middle)

~update_factor_free (double, default: 0.4)
Update factor for updating portions of the grid map as free (0.5 means no update, 0.0 is max free update)

~update_factor_occupied (double, default: 0.9)
Update factor for updating portions of the grid map as occupied (0.5 means no update, 1.0 is max occupied update)

~map_update_distance_thresh (double, default: 0.4)
Threshold for performing map updates [m]. The platform has to travel this far in meters or experience an angular change as described by the map_update_angle_thresh parameter since the last update before a map update happens.

~map_update_angle_thresh (double, default: 0.13)
Threshold for performing map updates [rad]. The platform has to experience an angular change as described by this parameter of travel as far as specified by the map_update_distance_thresh parameter since the last update before a map update happens.

~scan_topic
Topic name of the laser scanner topic to be used.

~sys_msg_topic
Topic name of the system message.

~pose_update_topic
Topic name of the pose updates provided by the system

~use_tf_scan_transformation


~use_tf_pose_start_estimate

~base_frame
~map_frame
~odom_frame

~output_timing

~transform_pub_period
~map_pub_period

~laser_min_dist
~laser_max_dist
~laser_z_min_value
~laser_z_max_value



Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages